[Joy] Miscellaneous fixes (#33750)
mui/material-ui: docs/data/joy/components/slider/slider.md

{{"demo": "AlwaysVisibleLabelSlider.js"}}

### Vertical

> Set `orientation="vertical"` to display the vertical slider.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To display the slider vertically, use the `orientation` prop with `vertical` as the value.
```
